How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

I could clearly see the changes I have made in the new version from the previous version.So it helps us remove any compilation or syntax error or any change in code.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

I wil definitley save time compairing differnt versions of a program.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

 Pros:Manual saving offers more flexibility.
 	  I think it makes the code more redistributable.Diiferent programmers can work indivisually on existing code and compare results in the end with each other.
Cons:Things might get cluttered if I commit too often.	  
	 If I don't have the habit to commit,I might not be able to keep trackof the major differences.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    If files are interlinked, then Git makes a new commit of the combination of files even if someof the files have no change.
    This is to ensure that the modified file works with a particular set of other files, and how it affects them.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log will give us the history of all the modifications and messages.It will also give a unique id for each commit.By writing git diff id1 id2, we compare two commits.
How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    git checkout comes to the rescue here.I can always go back to a previous version just before the bug was introduced(though it may take some time).Then i will use git diff
    to fins the changes in code that led to error.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    manage all my code,projects,help me share code, so that i can work with other people as well.